Liam Willis
classproj2 testing artifacts

Below represents the changes I made, as well as how I went about testing them.

1. Navigation Bar

For the navigation bar, to make sure that it was displaying correctly, regardless of web browser or width and height of the browser window, I performed the following tests:
- Tested our website on Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Firefox
- Clicked each of the buttons to make sure they directed to the correct team members' section of the page
- Adjusted the browser window to a variety of widths and heights (e.g. a width to height ratio of 1 : 10) to see if the navigation bar presented nicely still

For the last test, I noticed that it would sometimes overflow, and added a change (body { min-width: min-content} to prevent this from happening.

2. Tab Icon

For the tab icon (the little Apple icon that appears on the tab), I tested this again by going to our website on three different web browsers: Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Firefox. I was able to see the Apple appear in these web browsers, and hence was confident that it was working appropriately.

3. Grid Layout of Website

Another thing I added to the website was the general format of the "Meet the Team" website, with our images off to the left and buttons to our info_nnnn.txt/personal websites to the right in boxes. To test this, I did the following changes again:
- Tested the Website in Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Firefox
- Adjusted the browser window to a variety of widths and heights to see if the Meet the Team section was still presentable

In the second test, I noticed that, if the page was too wide, then the boxes on the right-hand side would continue to stretch infinitely, resulting in a non-aesthetically pleasing look to the site. To rectify this, I added a maximum width to the website to prevent awkward appearances with such extreme displays.

4. Hovering of Elements

I also added some hover effects to website elements, where if you hover over some elements, they would expand and change color. To test this, I simply hovered over each element on the page and saw whether they exhibited the expected behavior.

One problem that I encountered was that, upon hovering, the elements would override the navigation bar (i.e. appear above it), which was unintended behavior. To fix this, I added a CSS rule z-index to both the navigation bar and the hover elements, essentially stating to always have the navigation bar appear above the hover elements. This rectified the odd behavior.